Aon timer tb docs upgrade (#26491)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/aon_timer/dv/README.md

# AON Timer DV Document

This documents describes the verification for AON_TIMER as a block-level IP.

## Useful links
* [AON Timer HWIP technical specification](../README.md).

> * [testplan](#testplan)

Author: Done!

* A [clock and reset interface](../../../dv/sv/common_ifs/README.md) for the fast clock
* A [clock and reset interface](../../../dv/sv/common_ifs/README.md) for the AON clock
* A [TileLink host interface](../../../dv/sv/tl_agent/README.md)
  The AON timer IP exposes a TL device interface.
  Here, the testbench is acting as the host CPU; in the OpenTitan SoC, this will be the Ibex core
* A [Pins inteface](../../../dv/sv/common_ifs/README.md) with two interrupts (wakeup timer; watchdog bark) in the fast clock domain
* A [Pins inteface](../../../dv/sv/common_ifs/README.md) with Two interrupts (wakeup timer; watchdog bite) in the AON clock domain
* A [Pins inteface](../../../dv/sv/common_ifs/README.md) for the sleep mode input
* A [Pins inteface](../../../dv/sv/common_ifs/README.md) for the LC escalate input

The AON timer uses three clock domains (`async`, `clk_i` and `clk_aon_i`), with synchronisation logic between them.
The following diagram shows the different inputs and outputs for the module and in which clock domain each resides.

![Design timing domains](./doc/domains.svg)

> In order to model the RTL behavior, the TB doesn't attempt to predict when will occur a clock domain

Author: Thank you - will take a look :)

> In order to model the RTL behavior, the TB doesn't attempt to predict when will occur a clock domain

Author: I've pushed the changes with the a sentence per line rule!

 tests the `pause_in_sleep` feature.
 - aon_timer_jump_vseq: similar to the smoke vseq, but without testing the `pause_in_sleep` feature.
 - aon_timer_prescaler_vseq: similar to the smoke vseq, but also configuring the prescaler for the
 WKUP counter.
 - aon_timer_smoke_max_thold_vseq: like the smoke vseq but constraining the thresholds to the
 maximum value.
 - aon_timer_smoke_min_thold_vseq: like the smoke vseq but constraining the thresholds to the
 maximum value.
 - aon_timer_custom_intr_vseq: ad-hoc sequence which helps hitting cross-coverage for intr_test,
 intr_state and the enable for each counter.
 - aon_timer_wkup_count_cdc_hi_vseq: ad-hoc sequence to help close coverage related to the upper-32
 bits of the WKUP counter which is implemenented as two separate 32-bit counters (lo/hi).
 - aon_timer_stress_all_vseq: stress all vseq for aon_timer.

#### Functional coverage

To ensure high quality constrained random stimulus, it is necessary to develop a functional coverage model.
The following cover points have been developed to prove that the test intent has been adequately met.

> Covergroup timer_cfg_cg in `aon_timer_env_cov.sv` defines:

Reviewer: Nit: Probably put `timer_cfg_cg` in back-ticks. I'd also drop the filename, since we don't give it for the covergroups below.

Author: Done!

The scoreboard contains an exact model of how the interrupts generated from this specific configuration.

Putting the two parts of the scoreboard together gives a full checker for the block.
An incoming configuration write will be tracked through the CDC logic.

> Once it takes effect in the core (The scoreboard does back-door reads the values have propagated), the second part of the scoreboard will check that things behave correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once it takes effect in the core (the scoreboard determines when the values have propagated via back-door reads), the second part of the scoreboard will check that things behave correctly.
```

Author: Thank you @matutem ! I've just incorporated your suggestion
